this project gained even more traction. More than 3-5 people. 

I'm still procrastinating, stalling, being talentless.

A "Flow" state is a must to combat laziness and weak work ethic.
Some kind of structure is always needed. 
People can envy those who are self-employed and work from home, but if you don't have a rigid schedule and a work structure nor any work experience and seniority in your profession, then
working from home is useless. You're better off being an office wage slave.

You can't procrastinate on your boss at the office. You'll just get fired and be forced to search for a new job.
Then starve to death.

At home, there are all kinds of distractions.... in the form of lewd pictures on the internet. Sometimes streamed straight into your brain via Elon's Neuralink Microchip. 
So many games on Steam that you wish to play.... 
stress about horrible finances....
a nagging mommy.... to coexist with..... (cause she feeds me and I live rent free)

some CIA __fellas__ in the dark lurking....👀
judging my every digital trace

some rival sect NSA scum reading my text messages....📝
and sending it over to an immature brat tomboy

it just gets to your psyche and breaks you from within.....
then you lash out in anger at other people....
in the most horrible ways possible....

those who know will know.
don't ever get on my wraithful side.

I've wronged many people intentionally or unintentionally.


the decision to sell the car remains. It will be my stimulus cheque to keep me afloat and let me experiment. (cause I ran out of my savings..... I had a lot of money in my bank account and no direction in life. I wasted them all.)

2026: I will either take off  or let the "Indie ""start-up"" " sink and get a day job 40hrs/per/week full-time

2025 was quite productive, I made my GitHub profile look like a real developer with ~1 years of experience.
It is it's own reward.
and may help me get employed in 2026



Happy New Year and Merry Chrystlers to all!

1st project "Scrub The Toilet" will be a feasibility project to determine whether my "Redbeard Pirate Studio" start-up is worth putting my effort into or not.

2nd project is queued up and coming soon.  I hope it will be much, much, much better than the 1st project.
I'll put my heart into it.

"Scrub The Toilet"   might have to be renamed to something friendlier when it is time to publish it to Google Play Store.
The traces will remain on my GitHub profile, but a rebranding won't hurt.
O.G.'s will know
Likewise, I don't wish to have a stigma with my potential future employers to be known as "that toilet guy junior software dev" who made a crappy worthless Android App.
I was going with the flow, relying on my intuition. But now I can clearly see the importance of reputation. After I've damaged it. Twice.
First time it was damaged by the very skunk who I namecalled 'immature brat tomboy'. In collaboration with 'rival sect NSA scum'.
Second time, I damaged it myself because I could not bounce back from my first failure.

You may believe it or not, but the Walls Have Ears and You Never Know Who Listens.
Your digital privacy is no longer a right. You live in 2025.
Don't attract much attention on yourself and don't piss off the wrong kinds of people.

I resume the project on 11th Dec 2025